we didn't know what to do we kept taking
her to doctors to specialists and they
just kept saying oh she's beautiful you
know there is she's young and nobody
would want to make that statement that
maybe Kayla had an autism autism is on
such a rapid rise that more children
this year will be diagnosed with autism
then AIDS diabetes and cancer combined I
think if you have a child with autism
that's your mission you're constantly
looking for a way for them to connect to
the world to know you want to smile but
to not be able to it's got to be hard I
can remember the frustration of not
being able to talk many of these
children are imprisoned there's
something more inside those that have
autism have so much to give to society
these children are just like you just
like me inside people learning
differences need extra tools children
with autism are no different they just
needed a tool she said I have something
to show you
and when they said hello she told us how
much she loved this day there's
something instantaneous about the
touchscreen technology every single
individual has shown remarkable capacity
to express thought and is shattering all
of our constructs as to what you can
label these children as being I started
showing him how you could move things
around
he basically pushed me out of the way
and he took over it was hard to believe
the depth of his intelligence
he's definitely showing his personality
a lot more now yeah
Cayla type for three hours and talked to
her for 15 years so there was lots to
talk about she got through her credits
she graduated in June so now she's in
college I want to say I'm ready to
change the way people view us
you